{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Arial;}}
\fs24
\par\b\fs32 POUW-Chain ??Additional Materials for Thiel Fellowship\b0\fs24\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 1) What We Are Building\b0\fs24\par
\par POUW-Chain is a proof-of-useful-work protocol and compute marketplace for AI and scientific workloads.
\par 
\par Instead of burning energy on meaningless hashes, miners execute real tasks (AI inference, rendering, scientific compute), and the network verifies delivery quality, settlement, and accountability on-chain.
\par 
\par Core idea: make distributed compute **accessible, verifiable, and economically aligned**.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 2) Problem\b0\fs24\par
\par Today, compute is abundant but fragmented:
\par\tab\bullet\tab Small labs and independent builders often cannot access reliable GPU capacity.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Renting third-party compute is convenient but weak on verifiability and data accountability.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Existing markets optimize for price/speed, not proof of correct delivery.
\par 
\par This creates a trust gap exactly where high-impact AI work needs reliability.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 3) Why This Project Exists (Founder Context)\b0\fs24\par
\par I built POUW-Chain from direct research pain:
\par\tab\bullet\tab I regularly need real compute workloads but often lack local GPU supply.
\par\tab\bullet\tab I need stronger guarantees than opaque vendor promises.
\par\tab\bullet\tab I also see underutilized hardware in small teams that could become productive supply.
\par 
\par POUW-Chain turns this mismatch into a protocol-level system.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 4) Product and Protocol Approach\b0\fs24\par
\par ### Useful-Work Consensus
\par\tab\bullet\tab Real workloads contribute to consensus security.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Work quality and process proofs are validated on-chain.
\par 
\par ### S-Box + PoUW Strategy
\par\tab\bullet\tab Current strategy supports `sbox_primary`, `mixed`, `sbox_only`, `pouw_only`.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Default profile is `sbox_primary` with configurable PoUW support ratio.
\par 
\par ### Verification and Safety
\par\tab\bullet\tab Multi-witness/dispute pathways.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Encrypted transport and task security layers.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Arbitration, penalty routing, and treasury compensation mechanisms.
\par 
\par ### Multi-Sector Compute Network
\par\tab\bullet\tab Sectorized mining by heterogeneous hardware classes.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Economic routing across users, miners, and treasury.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 5) Current Stage\b0\fs24\par
\par R&D stage, pre-scale validation:
\par\tab\bullet\tab End-to-end local demo flow is implemented: order -> execution -> result return -> settlement visualization.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Core protocol behaviors are implemented and testable in repository.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Current priority is production-shape validation, not feature inflation.
\par 
\par What we need now:
\par\tab\bullet\tab Real workload pilots (2-3 scenarios acceptable, anonymous is fine).
\par\tab\bullet\tab Heterogeneous hardware testing windows.
\par\tab\bullet\tab Longer SLA/dispute observation cycles.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 6) Why This Matters\b0\fs24\par
\par If compute markets remain opaque, small builders pay hidden trust costs.
\par 
\par POUW-Chain aims to reduce trust costs by making compute transactions auditable and accountable, so more researchers and small teams can build ambitious systems without needing large proprietary infrastructure.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 7) Why Thiel Fellowship\b0\fs24\par
\par I am most motivated by difficult, creative work where there is no ready-made playbook.
\par 
\par Thiel Fellowship aligns with how I want to build:
\par\tab\bullet\tab independent execution,
\par\tab\bullet\tab first-principles thinking,
\par\tab\bullet\tab fast iteration on non-consensus ideas,
\par\tab\bullet\tab and turning technical prototypes into real-world infrastructure.
\par 
\par I would use the fellowship period to move POUW-Chain from early protocol correctness to real usage validation and deployment hardening.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 8) Current Focus (Now)\b0\fs24\par
\par I am currently balancing academic progression with deep execution on this project.
\par 
\par Most of my day-to-day effort goes to:
\par\tab\bullet\tab protocol correctness and security hardening,
\par\tab\bullet\tab real workload integration,
\par\tab\bullet\tab and reliability under heterogeneous environments.
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 9) Industry Category\b0\fs24\par
\par Primary: **AI Infrastructure / Developer Tools**  
\par Secondary: **Blockchain / Decentralized Compute**
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 10) Links\b0\fs24\par
\par\tab\bullet\tab Project Repository: https://github.com/hefengchuyang-sketch/POUW-Chain
\par\tab\bullet\tab Project Site: https://hefengchuyang-sketch.github.io/POUW-Chain/
\par\tab\bullet\tab Contact: yuhanliu050128@gmail.com
\par 
\par\par
\par 
\par\b\fs28 Optional 90-Second Verbal Pitch\b0\fs24\par
\par "POUW-Chain is building verifiable decentralized compute for AI workloads. Instead of wasting consensus on meaningless hashing, we route useful computation into block production and verify delivery quality on-chain. The problem we target is trust: small teams can find compute, but they cannot always verify it. We are at an R&D-to-validation stage with core end-to-end flows implemented, and we now need real workload pilots and reliability windows. I am applying to Thiel because I want to spend my highest-energy years on difficult, creative infrastructure problems and push this from prototype to real adoption."
}
